Klaus

The Klaus Advanced Computing Building feels like the mothership for tech nerds 🚀. Sleek glass walls, endless study corners, and enough whiteboards to plot world domination. You’ll always find someone coding at 3 AM, surviving on coffee and ambition. Wi-Fi is strong enough to upload your entire life to the cloud, and the vibe makes you feel like you’re one bug fix away from changing the world.
If Google, NASA, and a coffee shop had a baby, it would look like Klaus. Absolute legend of a building. 💻⚡

When we were leaving Atlanta we decided to stop by Georgia Tech to look at the campus. The advanced computing building was absolutely beautiful. At my college our computer science department is 3 classrooms in the basement of the business building. So to see such an amazing building devoted to just computer science was almost tear inducing. The middle of the building is completely open giving it a nice modern and inclusive feel. There were so many study and lounging areas all around with students everywhere. The main area of the building also has a glass stair case that ascends from the ground floor all the way up. It is quite an impressive building.

I’m visiting and sleeping over here with other scholars to compete at an exclusive event. I’m an asynchronous grad student taking courses from here, so I never went to the physical location until this week. When I saw this building for the first time, the stairs caught my attention. The stairs is the color of the pride flag. The staff are friendly. The wifi is very strong. I like it.

This is the home of Georgia Tech world-class computer science school.  The building itself isn't the most interesting design, but it was interesting enough for the producers of the film "The Accountant".  The building features prominently in that film.  You should be able to enter the building if school is in session.

Very nice campus building with a lot of good study spaces, especially in the main atrium. You can also go from the research wing to the main building through the third floor. Vending machines on the bottom floor.

It’d be an optimal honor to learn here as an on site student!

excellent faculty and courses geared to let students focus on their interests. courses were full of group projects that emulated industry and teachers provided tremendous support and encouragement.

Great building built in 2006 with the contribution of Christopher Klaus. The building hosts the School of Computer Science of GeorgiaTech. There are lots of spaces where students can study away from the outside noise.

This is my research building. This building hosts students, professors and classes for both CS  and CSE research and courses.  The building is divided in to 2 sections by the entrance staircase. The building section to the south contains classrooms and computing labs. The north part contains offices, research labs and conference rooms.

Using this building for a long time. One of the best facilities at Tech.

Great clean and nice employees and Delores, Monica and DJ keep it very clean

Best computing building I’ve ever been to.

one time I got stung by a bee on the way to class

Only campus building with its own smell

Love the environment

best computer classes here

Great place for computer repair

Clean and well-organized

Nice classrooms

It was nice

Grad algos and ML Theory PTSD

Awesome building!

This level of tolerance is definitely too much.
It's not normal to let people fart and burp every three seconds without saying a word.
It won't be everyone's experience, but in my ECE class, there were two incredibly filthy students. It's not entirely their fault. The university has an image to uphold and a responsibility for the students' experience, and frankly, their health, because at times the air quality in the classroom was so awful you couldn't even breathe.