John Lewis Student Center

The John Lewis Student Center at Georgia Tech is one of the best places on campus for both students and visitors. The building is modern, spacious, and full of natural light, making it a comfortable spot to hang out, study, or grab food. The variety of dining options is a big plus—you can find everything from quick snacks to full meals—and the layout makes it easy to settle in with friends or work on group projects. It also hosts plenty of events, so there’s always something happening that adds to the energy of the space. The tribute to John Lewis adds a meaningful touch, reminding everyone of his legacy of leadership and service. It really feels like a hub for campus life.

I miss Subway, Auntie Anne's, and the stained glass window, but we now have the Test Kitchen, which is always great. We have a nice ice cream place. There's even a photobooth you can use for headsets. I do wonder if the virtual clinic wasn't being used enough as that was a nice option for faculty and staff that can't use the Stamps clinic. Overall, it does seem strange that the building got bigger but we lost cool unique features. I also wish we had a computer gaming area like KSU, but I believe the console gaming service wasn't being used much. I guess much of what got lost was sort of "use it or lose it" situation ... except for Subway, but that could have been franchising headaches.

Crowded and noisy, but clean. Plenty of seating, plenty of restaurants and services, and the location of most of the freely available microwaves on campus. If you don’t mind noise it’s nice.

We went there for a college tour. It was a fantastic tour of the campus and we got some amazing food inside the student center.

This building has been renovated two years ago and I am satisfied with the new building overall. This complex provide food, postage service, entertainment. You can play bowling or pool on the first floor.

Great place for all great GT students 👍 …

The renovated student center opened in summer 2022. The new space has great light, but they bizarrely decided to decrease the already-limited dining options in the renovation. I have yet to get any remotely edible food from the 2nd-floor cafeteria. The Mexican place is particularly awful. The Chick-fil-A and Panda Express on the first floor are good, but this renovation wasted an opportunity to improve GT's longstanding weakness in dining options.

The Student Center looks nice, but the so-called "New York" pizza at Ray's is disgusting.  The only reason you could possibly call it New York-style is due to its general shape.  My son had a cheese slice, and the cheese had neither the taste nor the consistency of mozzarella (or any cheese, for that matter).  I had a slice of Hawaiian.  It suffered from the same cheese, but they added pineapple and ham that was like eating small patches of leather.  One of the ham pieces was so tough that I honestly worried that there might be a piece of plastic melted on to it.  I saw that there was no line at Ray's, but a big line at the taco place.  I would suggest you try that place instead.  I left five stars for the Student Center, but the pizza is a zero!  Note: Service was good.  I hope the staff finds work at a better pizzeria.

Except parking charges, the place gives a cool vibe to the campus. Nice places to eat and hangout

UPDATE: Staff seem more polite now and the post office hours are getting extended, which is nice. Only issue is that packages are taking FOREVER to get processed for some reason. Average wait time for a package to get processed is about 2 days.
The post offices closes randomly and frequently for holidays, both real and not, even when there are still classes. Staff are extremely rude and call my printed name "illegible". Have to just take my package and walk away or I'll have to rewrite my name three or four times.

The center is nice for studying and social times.  Plenty room to telax, gather information, buy tickets and more.  Now they offer Notary services.  Vending machine plentiful.

Lots of important services/resources, but it can be very crowded at times and would benefit from renovation/expansion to better serve the demand, especially around midday and lunchtime.

Everything is overpriced. There’s a reason why only Panda and Chick Fil A have people in line. Also I hate going to school here

Perfect place to be the heart of campus life

It’s great BUT why the dining gone ???  Who came up with such unbelievable ideas to remove the dining?

Favorite place to eat, nervous about upcoming renovations though.

Great food. Safe Environment.

The people at Tech Rec rock

Favorite Gatech place!

Lot of eateries, rec spot, and two filtered water stations

Great Service, Great Food Keep it Up

Great study spot

Posted hours are not even close!!

It's nice.

Wonderful Facility

Flawless

Tons of selection

It exists.

Beautiful.Well, cleaned, easy access parking was great.All over good experience

So much has changed since I graduated in 1983...and for the better!!