Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons (CULC)

Pretty cool place to study in, and the classrooms are super nice, especially the projectors and multimedia resources that the professors use to teach CS2110. Would recommend checking out the rooftop if you have the chance (when it’s open).

This is a beautiful building.  My students were able to take an introduction mobile app and game design workshop here.

Lots of reservable rooms and beanbags; possible to both sleep and get a continuous supply of coffee in this building. Students can easily relocate to the library connected to the fourth floor.

The Clough Commons is an exceptional space for students to study, collaborate, and relax. The building features classrooms, meeting rooms, a coffee shop, laboratories, and even an outdoor garden on the top floor. Its design embodies themes of industry and technology, perfectly complementing the Georgia Tech environment.

This is definitely one of the nicest buildings on campus. There is a reason they usually show it off on campus tours. There is tons of seating and study areas, as well as nice classrooms and labs. The only downside is that it is always crowded. The room garden is pretty awesome and a great place to take pictures.

This is the flagship building on Georgia Tech's campus. It is sort of like the hub. It's super modern and has an open layout. The lecture halls are my favorite here and it's always clean. My only complaint is that the furniture looks super beat and used. Like the fabric on chairs and sofas are ripped, stretched or/and have holes. Also, I get how turning off the lights are energy efficient but the light automatically turn off after a certain amount of time (15-30 mins). So it's common for the lights to turn off while studying and having to get up and move to get the lights to turn on. it actually takes more energy to turn on a fluorescent light bulb than keeping it on but whatever...

Friendly student ambassador gave us a great campus tour.

This is the place where all of the Georgia Tech undergrads gather for studying or socializing. The roof of the CULC has an awesome view and it's a must see if you visit Georgia Tech. There are several auditoriums where some freshmen courses are offered.

Open to the public until about 11 pm during the school year. Visit the rooftop gardens for a beautiful view of the skyline. Roof closes at 9-9:30

Great building for studying with lots of seating and spacious areas. The only thing is that it is sometimes very crowded. I would give 4.8 stars if I could.

Large facility with some common services and departments of the university. Impressive interior design with a very famous staircase shot during the making of "The internship"

Worse Starkbuck I have ever been to. I believe this is not a Real Starbucks cause the food is horrible customer service is the worst I have ever experienced with a What u wanna call a SB. Please Don't say the you are a SB because, I have never experienced a worse one until now. I will never go to this one again.

The CULC (Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons) is an absolutely beautiful and modern study/classroom space. With a nap room, 15+ easily reservable breakout rooms, and a rooftop garden, the CULC is the heart of the Georgia Tech campus.

Rooftop garden with fantastic  view of Atlanta skyline.
Newly opened facility.
Lots of rooms for group studies and other activities.

It’s great to take a nap here after lunch.

Full of everything you'll need and empty classrooms galore. Plus the view on top of the building is great!

Too much people but good place to study. Many chairs are kind of old

I spent a lot of time here. Great spot

The bottom floor is kinda 0.0 but the rest is pretty good.

It's a cool building with a roof top garden.

Did you know they filmed The Internship here? Otherwise, good experience!

An Awesome space great for events professional and courteous staff .

Great study space with Starbucks conveniently placed inside

Too many steps. My heart and legs can only take so much.

Good space to meet, study, drink coffee, etc

Most of my time at GT was spent here.

6 floors of class and study space with a view

The venue is great. Parking is impossible.

Not bad
Too many students tho.

All my freshman memories were in CULC.

Great classrooms, connecting to the library

9/10 needs more booths.

Great place to gain some knowledge.

Great place for exam prep

Beautiful scene on the roof~

being here is miserable but it is what it is ig

the booths are too warm

Good place to read and study

It aight

The rooftop is amazing

Best study area

"The Swiss Army knife of campus buildings 🔋📚☕"
The Clough Undergraduate Learning Commons—aka CULC—isn’t just a building. It’s the campus hotspot where studying, socializing, and caffeine addiction unite in perfect harmony.
What makes it awesome:
Open 24/7 – You can roll in at 3 a.m. to finish your lab report, cry into your notes, or discover your group project team actually can be productive.
Perfect study vibes – From group pods to quiet corners, there’s a spot for every flavor of academic panic.
The Starbucks downstairs – Because nothing says “academic excellence” like a triple espresso at midnight.
Tech everywhere – Charging outlets for days, huge whiteboards, presentation rooms…basically productivity paradise.
Location – Smack in the middle of campus, so you can “accidentally” bump into friends between classes.
Every time I walk into CULC, I feel like I’m entering the mothership of Georgia Tech—bright, buzzing, and brimming with brilliant people. Whether you’re grinding out code, chatting over coffee, or just people-watching, this place fuels the Yellow Jacket hive mind.
Pro tip: The top floor is underrated—great sunlight, fewer people, and a chance to feel like you’re studying in a glass cloud.

Never been to a more beautiful undergraduate building
But I also did not go to college in the US

Went for the Art Crawl. It was amazing!