Kendeda

The Kendeda Building is one of the most impressive spots on Georgia Tech’s campus. I had my Regression Analysis class here, and honestly, the atmosphere made learning feel different in the best way possible. The natural light, open design, and sustainable architecture create such a calm and motivating environment—it doesn’t feel like a typical classroom at all. The building is also incredibly eco-friendly, with features like rainwater collection and solar panels, and you can tell every detail was thought through. It’s not just a place for classes, but also a statement about innovation and sustainability. Having a course here felt like being part of something forward-thinking, and I’d highly recommend checking it out even if you don’t have classes inside.

Attended the Atlanta science festival here.  Speaker were great. Take a tour of the building or at least watch the video before you go. There are good information panels on the walls too. Beautiful. Love the energy and water conservation. The toilet is very interesting. Very little water and tiny bubbles slowly rinse the bowl. The outside solar panels make a nice welcoming space

So much greenery great place to study and enjoy the outdoors!

Amazingly well designed building. Its obvious of the thought placed in the building's sustainably. I truly appreciate the architectural effort!

One of the coolest buildings on campus. It produces 200% of the energy it uses, all renewable, yet it looks so awesome. It has just sort of modern yet jungle vibe that I really like. Also the second floor garden is so relaxing, especially because it's right next to the EcoCommons. If you are visiting GT, make sure to visit this building.

I tried three charging sockets, but none of them had power, and the socket on the ground was not designed properly. Only small plugs could be inserted, and large plugs such as laptops could not be inserted.  The design of the toilet is amazing.

Newly opened "living building" of Georgia Tech. Net positive in energy, no waste water going to water treatment, compost toilets, re-used construction materials, bees on the roof.... And all that with a really nice atmosphere,  lits of light, wood, good accessibility. Definitely worth a visit - there was a nice movie explaining the building philosophy and construction directly next to entrance. We need more buildings of this kind.

Unique Self-Sustaining Building at the Heart of Georgia Tech's Campus.  Excellent Example of Building with Reclaimed / Recycled Materials and New Age Building Technology.  If You Visit, You've got to check out the Foam Flushing Toilets in the Restrooms.  NO WATER TO FLUSH!!!  Just an Antibacterial Foam that Cleans the Toilet while it's being used.  Definitely worth a Visit if You're on Campus.

Loved being able to bike to the opening event and get treated to free bike valet! Amazing service by @TwoWheelValet!

The building is very interesting. It's very clean and beautiful to look at.

Very cool green design and a good place to have lab classes in

It's a beautiful study spot, and it's very quiet.

Nice!!! Not one cockroach in sight :)

I love studying here.

Great place to study

One of the most sustainable buildings in the world - much more than water and energy conservation, it also offsets some energy requirement for the campus!
They have roof top garden with the ability to produce substantial amount of blue berries, honey and insulated the auditorium below. The toilets are compost based and bubble flush system, so it eliminating most use of water.
If you are interested in knowing more about the building, they do have building tours available for groups and require scheduling ahead of time.

Probably the most beautiful building on campus.
The toilets are a little weird since they use no water but instead generate weird bubbles, but they are kinda cool.

Seeing how energy efficiency research and technological innovation materialize in a building is fascinating. The Kendeda Building at the Georgia Institute of Technology Campus is a masterful demonstration of that efficiency. Beauty, tectonics, equity, and energy savings come together in a single project. Simply breathtaking.