what are the best study spots around campus?

CULC is always a fun place to study, and I love the 3rd floor especially due to the big windows. I'd also recommend any campus makerspace, there's usually a nice hum about them.

I got out a few years ago, so im assuming these are both still there: computer lab in the basement of the old civil engineering building (about half way up the hill), almost never saw people there. My other spot I discovered during my last finals was in the basement of boggs I think? If you're outside the main entrance to the ferst theater it's to the left down a flight of stairs. It's a smaller space outside a couple lecture halls, but I liked it

Coc 1st floor is really nice as you get comfy seats with chargers that also provide you privacy!

My girlfriend's bedroom

I didn’t know you could study in your dreams!

dorm room

Kendeda or CRC

I like to study in CODA, it's kind of like a wework space and near okay food places. If you like really quiet, go to the 6th floor in Crossland/connected to CULC. Also agree that maker spaces are a vibe.

are makerspaces open to anyone or do i need to register? and are the projects being made supposed to be school related or can i build my shitty personal projects over there as well?

It's open to any GT student. There might be work arounds, I would ask or call. If you are a student, you can definitely work on your own personal projects! But do it when it's not finals week if you can! Otherwise it gets really crowded :)

CULC. (i’m not even accepted yet, getting my decision in 2 days for fall 24) HOPE I GET IN GUYS 🧿🧿🧿🧿🧿🍀🍀🍀🍀🍀🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞

yay i hope you get in too, happy to have you

Bro how do you know any buildings before even going here? 💀

my love for gtech. researched everything i could for my essay lol. decision in 2 hours 50 mins- hoping i get in🧿🧿🧿🧿🧿🧿🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞🤞

results?

update?

rejected

Klaus and CoC have a ton of really good spots with comfy chairs and fast WiFi!

Any place with the black-cushioned chairs: MoSE 3rd or CULC 4th by the windows (natural lighting)

Love or Boggs