Best place to study on campus?

City skyline view and lighting? That is pretty limiting. If neither Crossland nor the Mason, nor Klaus have what you need then you might be out of luck in terms of areas that normal students can access

ik it sounds picky, but I wanna try out different places before making a spot a go-to. Haven't tired Klaus, so I will check it out! Thanks

If u can get into Coda that place is goated. Always quiet since it’s not open to the public

I've heard that Coda's a good place as well, it's just that most floors are only open to graduate and PhD students

Tbh the hard part is just getting in. If you have say a friend who works there, or maybe you have a CS class holding a review session there, then you can get in. And once ur in, you can sit wherever.
My review sessions for CS 3600 were there last fall. The tests were never rly that hard at all, I would just go to get some prime study space.

My personal favorite spot: kendeda rooftop garden. View of the skyline + sunshine + garden. A very peaceful place.

I've been meaning to check out kendeda! It's first on my list!

I heard Price Gilbert 3rd floor is super quiet and great if u need to get a lot of work done

Wdym, it’s usually the opposite 😂 I just sometimes go to the upper floors of random buildings and work, they’re usually super quiet and it feels adventurous lmao

Will check it out! Thanks

Or just the upper floors in general, you'll see some floors are marked "quiet study" (if I remembered correctly) in the elevator and basically no one tasks there.

Crosland has the best views of the skyline but if you want a general nice place try:
Klaus
MoSE/Ford/Whittaker/Pettit (BioQuad)
Coon lower floors
West Architecture
Love/MRDC

Thanks, will check these spots out!

Best study spots are spots you find yourself! Just go explore one day and I’m sure you’ll find something

You're right! I was hoping to speed up the process lol

Top floor of Crossland, it doesn’t have a view, but I personally also love studying at Kandeda.