Quietest place to study on campus?
Guys, what is the quietest place to focus and study on the ATL campus? I am grad student so I have access to the grad spaces too

Crosland tower floor 6 & 7 are very quiet from my experience. Also i’m not a grad student so i don’t know what it’s like for sure but there’s a grad room on floor 6 Crosland that also seems very quiet

spent 4 years of my college there. definitely recommended

quiet floors of crosland, grad floor of crosland (bonus it has a fridge and microwave), nanotechnology building, ford building (go down some hallways to the high tables), mason computer rooms, you could also reserve rooms in price gilbert or crosland for a couple hours at a time

The hallway on the 3rd floor connecting the Research and Classroom wings of Klaus. Take an elevator from the Classroom wing entrance to floor 3.

I was a big fan of early morning (like, 3am) study sessions on the second floor of the love building. Usually was pretty low traffic and had a lovely view when the sun came up.

this but crosland 7. the sunrise is amazing

I used to affectionately call the tunnel / hallway running underneath Klaus connecting the COC to Klaus The study bunker. It might be staff only at this point but if you take the little elevator next to the pride stairs down to its lowest level it'll take you to this little hallway that runs between Klaus and COC. The only people I've ever seen use it are janitors but somebody dragged a desk that's probably older than my dad down there and I used to use it for finals cramming.
Other easier places to get to include the math department in skiles, particularly skiles basement. Also The CM lounge in skiles. Honestly most of the buildings by Tech Tower are pretty quiet and have lots of nooks and crannies. There's also the construction management building next to the COC but you may need to have a very specific major to get into it.
For final specifically, the top floor of the architecture building is usually dead and I used to use it every final season for cramming. Tons of natural light and airy and tables and space and extension cables.
Just think of the smallest majors on campus figure out where they live and then go there lol
Also I know you asked for quietest but I couldn't study around other people so IMO The library Tower is kind of overrated

Most of the biotech quad is usually quiet.

Crosland tower I guess most of the time

Coon building 2nd floor in the little lounge area

Swann is underrated and unknown

Paper building upper floors if you're willing to take the walk